Let's talk about a possible career path when you know python.
And one is testing and automation.
Now what is that.
Why would we use this well.
Think about it if let's say you had a company that was working on an app you want to make sure that
this app works properly and what a lot of companies do is hire people who can help with testing.
Now we have a section on testing with python in this course where we write to unit test through code
but usually when people work with applications we're human users we perhaps touch the screen.
If the app is on an iPad perhaps we scroll through and submit a form.
We need to test and automate these steps to make sure our applications work and companies hire Python
developers in order to help with automation.
You see through programming we can actually interact with something like a browser or an app and mimic
human actions to make sure that the application works as expected.
Now this isn't just for phone apps.
This works all across software.
If you're working with software you want to make sure that it works properly and instead of hiring thousands
of people to test your app.
I mean you could totally do that.
You can also through code mimic thousands millions of users playing through your app and testing out
your application.
So in the next couple of videos I'm going to show you how a testing automation person might work with
Python.
It's gonna be a fun one through code.
We're going to perform actions on the browser.
Let's get started.